joint の重複禁止を追加 (#362)
vrm-c/vrm-specification: specification/VRMC_springBone-1.0-beta/README.md

Written against the glTF 2.0 spec.
## Overview

> Implements a procedural animation of the spring that tries to maintain velocity by inertia and return to the node's original attitude.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implements a procedural animation that behaves like a spring that tries to maintain velocity by inertia and eventually returns to the node's original orientation.
```

若干英訳修正してみました

It is intended for use with the appearance of shaking hair and costumes.
You can adjust the behavior with parameters such as rigidity, deceleration, and gravity.
You can also set the collision between the end (sphere) of each section of SpringBone and the collision detection node (collider: sphere / capsule).

## Structure

### Terms
The following terms are introduced for explanation.

> | 用語                                      | 意味                 | json                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Term                                      | Meaning              | json                                             |
```

翻訳漏れ

|-------------------------------------------|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| SpringJoint                               | node with settings   | `springs[i].joints[j]`                           |
| HeadSpringJoint and TailSpringJoint pair  | Two consecutive joint pairs | `springs[i].joints[j]`, `springs[i].joints[j+1]` |
| SpringChain                               | The whole continuous joint  | `springs[i]`                                     |

#### SpringJoint

> `glTF` node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A single glTF node that is going to have SpringBone settings.
```

https://github.com/vrm-c/vrm-specification/pull/362/files#r845917563 の英訳

#### SpringJointPair

A section represented by a pair of Head (`SpringJoint`) and Tail (`SpringJoint`).
Calculate the position difference from the previous frame with Tail.
It also calculates collisions with collisions, if set.
Head must always be an ancestor of Tail,
It does not have to be the parent of the Head.

```
  Sways
<- Tail ->
    |
    |
    o
   Head
```

Calculate the rotation of the Head from the movement of the Tail.

#### SpringChain

> A chain of sets consisting of a series of consecutive `SpringJoint`s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A chain of consecutive `SpringJoint`s.
```

少し表現が冗長に感じたので、短くしてみました。原文の意味からは離れてないですかね？

The SpringJoint at the end is only used as a Tail, so no SpringJoint parameters are used.
If you want to rotate d, add Node to the end and set SpringJoint as shown below.
The Node you add can be empty.

```
Head(rotate)
| +-Tail(Movement difference / collision)
v v
a-b
b-c
c-d
d-e
```

### For `vrm0`

```
a-b-c-d
```

If there are joints, `vrm0` interprets it as follows.

```
Head(rotate)
| +-Tail(Movement difference / collision)
v v
a-b
b-c
c-d
d- (Add SpringJoint at a distance of 7 cm at the end)
```

### Exception

#### Multiple SpringChains must not be duplicated in the same SpringJoint (prohibited)

Individual `SpringChains` must not contain the same joint.
In the following cases, b, c and d belong to two SpringChains at the same time.

```
b-c-d

a-b-c-d
```

Configurations such as the following are implicitly considered duplicates.
b and c belong to two SpringChains at the same time.
Even if it is skipped, it will be subject to duplicate check.

```
() is skipped node
a-(b)-c

b-(c)-e
```

#### Branching SpringChain (undefined)
- Treat as separate `SpringBoneChain`

```
  x-y-z
  |
a-b-c-d
```

* Treat as two SpringChains, `a-b-c-d` and` x-y-z`.

> * It is undefined without specifying which of `a-b-c-d` and` x-y-z` to process first, and when to obtain the movement difference. The behavior may differ depending on the implementation. Implementation convenience such as parallel execution may be prioritized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The execution order between `a-b-c-d` and` x-y-z` is undefined. The behavior may differ depending on the implementation. Implementation convenience such as parallel execution may be prioritized.
```

英訳の改善です。
